Update README.md to have a stronger warning about protocol / disk changes (#1110)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: README.md

*TigerBeetle is a financial accounting database designed for mission critical safety and performance to power the future of financial services.*

> TigerBeetle is not yet production-ready. In particular, the protocol and data file formats are still subject to change and [might not be compatible across different commits](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/1109).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerBeetle is not yet production-ready. In particular, the protocol and data file formats may change and [might not be compatible across different commits](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/1109), while we optimize the format ahead of release.
```

> TigerBeetle is not yet production-ready. In particular, the protocol and data file formats may change and [might not be compatible across different commits](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/1109), while we nail down and tune the optimal format ahead of release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerBeetle is not yet production-ready. In particular, the protocol and data file formats may change and [might not be compatible across different commits](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/1109), while we fine-tune the format ahead of release.
```
